Support us and become VIP member
to remove all ads from www.OpenSubtitles.org
[suspenseful music playing]
[gurgling]
[woman] Hi. my name is Jill.
Hi. my name is Joan.
My name…
DESIRE
[suspenseful music continues]
[gasps and screams]
LOMAS CLUB
ONE MONTH EARLIER
[intriguing music playing]
[man] Good morning.
[music fades]
-These. right?
-Mom. which perfume should I wear?
-Can I use one of yours?
-Whatever you want. Yes. my dear.
But only a little.
The other dress looked better.
Yes. thank you. my love.
And the white button up?
Uh… I changed.
I wanted something different.
-Does it look bad?
-You look handsome.
-Yeah? You sure?
-Come on. Let's go. honey. come on.
[sighs] I think we invited
too many people.
-You'll be fine. It'll be a great time.
-Mm.
-Look at you.
-Oh. my boy. you look so good.
So put together and handsome.
[young man] Wow! I can't believe
we're actually related. [chuckles]
Don't say that!
We look exactly alike.
Hey.
Thank you. It means a lot to me.
-We're a team.
-[young woman] A team.
[all] A team.
[party guests chatter indistinctly]
[partygoers welcome them]
[classical music playing]
Thanks. Thank you!
-How are you not totally embarrassed?
-I am embarrassed.
[clapping]
Thanks. guys! Thanks!
[classical music ends]
It's so good to see all your lovely faces.
Thank you for being here.
Today we celebrate 20 years of marriage.
And in these years. we've created
memories that are irreplaceable.
And more importantly.
our beautiful children.
But we've had hard moments too.
As any couple does.
Because love… isn't perfect.
Or meant to be easy.
But true love is when you.
uh. decide to stay.
and choose each other again and again.
-Thank you. my love. for our journey.
-[chuckles]
And for always fighting for us.
So once again. I choose you.
to create more memories
for the rest of our days. Thank you.
[cheering and applause]
-[man] Bravo!
-[woman] Long live love!
Woo!
-I love you.
[all] Cheers!
[classical music ends]
Where's your mom?
-Over there.
-Ah.
-[man] Lucero. my dearest friend.
-Maybe I'll go next time.
Congratulations!
You look amazing.
You two are the only hope
for true love in this world.
No. seriously. you look radiant.
-Oh man. you look terrible. What happened?
-[chuckles]
-Yeah. right.
-[pouring drink]
Hard times we are living through. right?
-Yeah. sure.
-Mm.
Could we do this another time?
Just please. not here.
Lucero. I'm the District Attorney
of Mexico City.
-I need you to help me.
-I will.
-Okay.
-But… but not right now.
We'll talk tomorrow at your house.
Yeah. right. My house?
Malena kicked me out of the house.
Get it? I'm living in a damn hotel.
I haven't slept in three days.
-I need you to help me.
-Yes. I'll help you. I already said.
-Hey. congratulations. Fernando.
-Thanks. what's up?
-How are you?
-Good. good.
[slow jazz music playing]
[Fernando] Give me a champagne
and a whiskey. please.
[sighs softly]
-So what is it?
-Mm?
Alma.
What's the secret to everlasting love?
No secret.
Just patience.
Understanding that… there are things
you don't argue about more than once.
Um…
And always being there when she needs me.
Helping her through anything
that life may throw at her.
Doing everything I can
to make her dreams come true.
No matter what that could mean for me.
[Alma sighs] Where can I find
a man like you?
[Fernando] I had a wonderful time.
I'm so glad.
[Fernando kisses]
[uneasy music playing]
[Lucero] This is getting
harder and harder for me.
[Fernando] What do you mean?
You're a natural.
I'm only pretending.
[Fernando] Well. you're very good at it.
[Lucero] I've had a great teacher.
Alma looked so beautiful. didn't she?
[Fernando] So beautiful.
[Lucero] She's been acting
very mysterious lately.
It's almost like she has a secret.
See couldn't keep her eyes off you
all afternoon.
[Fernando sighs]
She's into you.
[chuckles] She's just like that.
[Lucero] Oh yeah? Do you like Alma?
[uneasy music continues]
You don't have to lie.
I like you.
Yes. but…
do you like her?
Should we invite her over?
Don't tell me
you've never thought about it.
I think it's you
who's been thinking about it.
Am I wrong?
Huh?
[uneasy music continues]
What I really want is you.
But. I just…
How long has it been since you and I…?
You don't think I know?
But do you really want
to talk about that right now?
Well. then tell me when.
Am I supposed to schedule
an appointment with you?
Okay. perfect.
Let's talk.
Are you…?
Are you proposing seeing someone else?
Seriously. is that what you want?
[Lucero sighs]
You're right. We've had a big day.
[music turns gentle]
We'll talk tomorrow.
[music fades]
Mom. don't forget that I have
the timed trials tomorrow.
-Okay?
-Okay.
No. thank you. Give me a second.
-Uh. babe?
-[Lucero] Mm?
Could you refill my drops. please?
I won't have time to go to the pharmacy.
-Sorry. Javi.
-I added a little more water.
I won't have time to drink it.
Can you put it in the fridge?
-Javi. I don't want to get into it--
-I have to go.
No. no. they're not.
-Leaving?
-Yeah.
-We were gonna talk about…
-We will.
I'm going to the club.
I have suppliers waiting. Sorry.
Kids. I'm leaving too.
See you later. okay?
-Mom. hey. pick me up from swimming today.
-Yup.
[Viviana] Bye.
[tense music playing]
[music fades]
[traffic noise]
[D.A.] I'll be waiting at the hotel bar.
The entrance is a bit hidden.
It's a very private place.
Ask at reception.
See you there.
-[receptionist] …it's the exact same size.
-[man] Including my five dogs?
[receptionist] Five Dogs? That wasn't
in the… in the reservation. Hold on.
-[Lucero] Excuse me. ma'am.
-I understand.
[Lucero] Ma'am?
-Excuse me. Where is the bar?
-Sorry. I'll be with you in a moment.
My kids are crying right now
because this hotel doesn't accept pets…
-[Lucero] Excuse me. where is the bar?
-[man] Straight down the hall.
[Lucero] Oh! Hi.
Sorry. I got lost.
I'm trying to find the bar.
Ah. yes. Go all the way down the hall
and it's on the left.
[Lucero] Ah! Great. Thank you.
["Quiero Amanecer Con Alguien"
by Daniela Romo playing in bar]
[indistinct chatter]
[sighs]
[Lucero] Hey.
Sorry.
[Lucero] What a weird place.
This was so hard to find.
Oh.
-Yeah.
-How are you?
-You don't look much better.
-No? You don't say.
-Two more. please.
-One.
-Oh. come on.
-No.
Is this where you brought her?
[Lucero chuckles]
-God. I can't believe you. you asshole.
-Oh. yeah?
And you've been married
how many years now?
-Twenty.
And you're going to tell me
that you've had good sex for 20 years? Hm?
-Yes.
-Yes?
Mm-hmm.
Come on. Lucero.
There's gotta be more.
You can't possibly spend your whole life
going from home to work. work to home.
and Sundays with the in-laws.
You gotta live here in the moment.
Romance. passion. and sex.
-[chuckles]
-All things a man needs.
Oh. no. Please don't give me that.
because women need it too.
Exactly! Men and women…
[phone buzzing]
…want their needs met.
I just happened to get caught.
It was a miscalculation.
Miscalculation?
-What's with you?
-Hmm?
Who are you looking at?
No one. it's just…
I'm just constantly scared
of them following me now.
Just take a deep breath.
It's okay. It's alright.
It's going to be fine.
[sighs]
Oh. Lucero.
they're going to take the girls.
I'm going to help you. Really.
We'll get through this.
You're not going to lose your daughters.
She won't take their father away.
She just wants the house.
Okay sure. and? She's a bitch.
she's angry and for a good reason.
Look. Trust me. huh?
I trust you.
[cell phone buzzes]
Excuse me. please.
Sorry. darling. I have to go.
Something came up I have to deal with.
Sure. no problem. I should be going too.
You look terrible.
Shave. do something. Shower.
Thank you. Thanks. yeah. Bye.
["Quiero Amanecer Con Alguien"
continues playing]
-Yeah?
-We set up the security cameras yesterday.
-Should I install the app for monitoring?
-Yes. would you?
Thanks. Lau.
[man] I replaced it. and now
the photometer is showing.
Hold on. Cami. the pots for the plants.
please. out of the hallway.
Chlorine and pH equilibrium.
And the valve has pressure
to pull in the propane.
-You fixed it?
-It's ready.
Really? That's great.
This thing is 30 years old.
It's done.
So it's all set?
[inaudible]
That's it.
[chuckles]
Come here.
Please. Keep your…
Stay back a little
to give them room. okay?
It's the older girls' turn now.
[clapping]
You're just in time.
Hmm. Did I miss anything?
-No.
-No. no. no. but the new coach is here.
Great find. Fernando.
He is just wonderful.
Hello. everyone. My name is Matías.
I'm your daughters' new coach.
Uh…
Well. obviously.
that's why I'm up here. I. uh…
I was selected to be
in the Olympics in Spain and.…
And I really want to give this job my all
so they maybe can do something. well.
do something similar.
And. uh. I hope to… create champions.
And you. girls. forget about your parents.
Today is the first training session.
but I want you to give it your all
right from the start. okay?
-A session where you don't…
-You okay?
Yeah.
I ran into him this morning.
[Matías] If you come here.
it's to give absolutely everything.
-Everything.
-And?
Yeah… that was it.
Absolute commitment.
Listen to me and I'll make you champions.
Take your positions.
Ready?
Go.
[cheering and clapping]
[Matías] Bring your goggles tomorrow.
The other ones.
Matías.
-[Matías] How are you?
-[Fernando] Good.
Hey. great speech.
and a great session. huh? Congratulations.
It was nothing. I am very appreciative.
Thank you for the opportunity.
But results are
what we'll be hoping to see.
Nice to meet you.
I'm Lucero. Viviana's mother.
-It's so nice to finally…
-I'm ready to go. See you tomorrow?
Yes. Amazing work today.
You're a natural. [chuckles]
-So sweet. Come on now.
-Okay. Let's go.
-You ready?
-Yeah. yeah.
-Whatever you need. just ask.
-Thank you.
Can I have more time with the coach?
It's the only way I'll improve.
Oh. same here.
Whatever you need. I'm here.
Anything.
[water running]
[contemplative music playing]
[Lucero moans softly]
[moans]
[breathing heavily]
[breathes faster]
[music continues]
[uneasy music playing]
[water continues running]
[sighs]
-[Lucero] Good morning.
-[Ávila] Good morning.
How are you. sir? Hello. Malena.
-Is Mr. Peña not joining us?
-Unfortunately. he won't be able to.
He really tried to be here.
but he's stuck at the courthouse.
This is our proposal.
NOTICE OF DOCUMENT SUBMISSION
TO THE COURT
My client is willing
to reach a fair resolution.
This isn't what Miguel offered.
However. he is not going to buy
into this narrative of victimhood
being constructed here.
This has been presented as a moral case.
when in fact it is a legal matter. sir.
[Ávila] It doesn't appear
to be in good faith.
I'm going to have to review it
and get back to you.
This is more than a narrative. Counselor.
This is a betrayal.
Well. I’m not positive
a judge would agree.
[Lucero exhales]
I'm sorry.
Tell me why you're doing this.
It's not personal. Malena.
I'm doing my job.
You know perfectly well
the things he has done to me.
Help me. I'm begging you.
I can't. Malena.
In fact. I shouldn't even be having
this conversation with you.
Lucero. this isn't a case.
-This is my life. My children's lives.
-[elevator bell rings]
[Lucero] I have to go.
[elevator doors open]
[door close]
["Como Un Títere"
by Amanda Miguel playing]
[sighs]
[cell phone buzzes]
[Miguel] Lucero. sorry. I won't be able
to make it. I'm still at the courthouse.
I'll call you when I leave. okay?
[footsteps approach]
[easy-listening music playing on elevator]
[tense music playing]
[music fades]
[man] Matías. I'm leaving!
[Matías] Okay. sounds good.
Don't worry about closing up. I got it.
-[Octavio] See you tomorrow!
-[Matías] See you tomorrow.
[door closes]
[contemplative music playing]
[exhales]
[splash]
[music continues]
[music fades]
[panting]
[both panting]
[Lucero chuckles]
[thunder rolls]
[car approaching]
[Lucero] Hey! Matías. it's going to rain.
Do you want a ride?
[opera music playing in car]
So. why is a champion training girls
on the other side of the world?
Well. I'm injured so I can't compete.
Oh. that's awful. I'm really sorry.
I mean. obviously.
it was hard at the time. but now I…
Now I'm free of the pressure.
So I can. well. I can pursue other things.
I think you'll do amazing things.
You have that sparkle in your eyes.
I'm flattered. [chuckles]
No! It was that way. That way.
-[laughing] You have to tell me earlier.
-On the right. Back that way.
-I haven't driven through here in years.
-Just turn around. There. and turn left.
You know the area?
Yes. Yes. I knew it very well.
Actually. I used to live
a few blocks away.
-No shit!
-Mm-hmm.
Right around here?
[chuckles]
I never would have guessed that.
[chuckling]
I have many secrets.
[opera music continues]
[Matías chuckles]
-Okay.
-This is it. Thank you for the ride.
Good night.
[chuckles] I'm sorry.
When will I see you again?
At the competition.
[chuckling] At the competition?
-It's in a month.
-You better get training. then.
Maybe next time
you'll beat me if you're lucky.
Thanks again.
[laughing]
[exhales]
[music stops]
[thunder rolls]
[door closes]
[sniffs]
[tense music playing]
[exhales]
[sighs]
[music continues]
[breathing heavily]
[footsteps approach]
[door opens]
[Fernando] Busy night?
Yeah. I didn't have time
to go to the pool this morning.
[thunder rolls]
[Fernando] How did it go with Malena?
[Lucero] It was difficult.
Very difficult.
[Fernando] I'm sorry.
Come to bed. I want to hear all about it.
Oh. I'm cramping so bad.
I don't want to go swimming today.
You're in the home stretch. baby.
-Not feeling well?
-Mm-mm.
Ah. that's a shame.
because yesterday I was with Matías.
and he told me to call him
for more lessons.
Wait. seriously? Oh. thank you!
-You're the best.
-God. you're totally obsessed.
Julián.
Well. at least I'm good at something.
unlike you.
-Oh. yeah?
-Mm-hmm.
Maybe I'm just not
totally desperate to impress a guy.
-[Viviana] Hmm.
-[text message dings]
M: HI BOSS…
M: IT'S THE LOSER FROM LAST NIGHT
[cheering]
[cheering continues]
[Matías] New record!
[cheering]
One. zero nine.
-Yes!
-[Matías] Very good. Amazing job.
I really like that stroke.
it's very powerful. You see that. Lucía?
The way she places her chin right up
against her arm like that. Bam!
It's unbelievable. It was almost poetry.
It was art. Incredible.
-[Lucero] Hey.
-Incredible.
Look.
Mom. what are you doing here?
-I've come to pick you up like you asked.
-No.
-I told you I'm getting a ride with Lucía.
-Oh. I'm sorry. sweetie.
Well. how did it go?
-Vi beat her time by a full second.
-[gasps]
That's amazing!
-My princess.
-Thank you.
Matías. did you know that. uh.
Lucero. when she was our age.
she was already in the nationals.
-[Matías] No way.
-Yeah. The difference is. I'm gonna win.
-Bye.
-[Matías] Wow.
-[Viviana] Let's go.
-I want to see you at the house by 9:00.
-See you Monday!
How did you get my number?
The receptionist.
I need to be able to contact my boss.
Hmm.
[Lucero exhales]
[giggles]
["¿Quieres Ser Mi Amante?"
by Camilo Sesto playing]
Do you come to this place often?
[giggles]
No.
No?
-[Lucero] Do you?
-[Matías laughs]
Do you do this often?
[Matías] Go out with my students' moms?
[Matías exhales]
Nah. I don't do that. Ever.
I'm new to this.
And I've had opportunities. Really.
But you're different.
Wow. You're pretty direct. aren't you?
Don't you think when you're honest.
people open up to you?
-Maybe.
-Mm-hmm.
[breathing deeply]
[Lucero breathes deeply]
Why did you bring me here?
[breathing heavily]
[moaning]
[music fades]
-You're beautiful. Beautiful.
-[music turns suspenseful]
Beautiful.
You're beautiful. Beautiful.
[breathing heavily]
[Lucero moans]
[continues moaning]
[moans]
[music fades]
[echoing moans]
[tense pulsing music playing]
[Matías] Number four.
Chin up.
Number three. Go.
Chin up!
Number two. Ready.
Viviana. don't forget. Your feet. Loose.
Yes? That's it.
Number one.
Okay. everybody. Ready!
-Go.
-[beep]
That's it! More. more. more.
Faster. Faster. Faster.
Very good. Viviana.
M. I'M OUT IN 30. YOU IN?
M. I'M DYING TO SEE YOU.
[indistinct chatter]
[Matías] Very good.
[suspenseful music playing]
Viviana.
[Matías continues indistinctly]
That's it. Farther.
-[Cristian] Yes?
-Cris. how's my schedule today?
[Cristian] Uh… it's packed.
Cancel everything. Would you. please?
-Yes. yes. Yes. You'll see.
-[woman] I'm sure I will.
-He's coming.
-[Matías] Girls. good session today.
-Thank you.
-You're superstars.
[girls] Whoo!
[laughs] Oh my God!
-It's so obvious. dude!
-Stop it!
God. you're drooling all over him.
[laughs]
["Hoy Tengo Ganas de Ti" playing]
Do you like flowers? Do you?
-I love them.
-Yeah?
-Mm-hmm.
-[chuckles]
-Are you lying?
-[giggles]
-You don't like them?
-[both laugh]
You don't. [laughs]
-You really don't like them.
-[laughing] I don't.
[laughing] Oh. shit.
-Oh…
-[laughs]
["Hoy Tengo Ganas de Ti" continues]
[Matías] Is there something
you've always wanted to do?
[laughs] What's that look?
Huh?
Come.
[sultry music playing]
[Lucero moans]
[moaning]
[breathing heavily]
[both moaning]
[music fades]
[Miguel] Cheers to the most brilliant
and badass lawyer in Mexico.
-[Lucero giggles]
-[Miguel] Really. Lucero.
Today. me. Tomorrow. you.
[Lucero chuckles softly]
Salud.
Representing people like you
is what gives lawyers
such a bad reputation.
-It's definitely one reason. huh?
-Yeah. yeah. yeah.
Sorry. I'll be right back.
[door slides shut]
[Miguel sighs and sniffles]
Hey. uh…
Did you feel bad?
[Miguel] Hmm?
[exhales] I mean…
When does it become a… miscalculation?
You didn't.
[Miguel chuckles] You did.
[Miguel chuckles]
No. no. no. It's not like that.
The reason I'm asking
is because I'm researching your case.
And who is being investigated?
No. no. You can't stop now.
-You have to tell me.
-[door slides open]
[Lucero clears throat]
-[Fernando] More tequila?
-[Miguel] Mm-hmm.
-[Fernando] Here you go.
-[Miguel] Hmm.
-[Fernando] Want some. babe?
-[Lucero] I'm good.
[Fernando] Mm.
[knocking]
[Viviana] Matías. hey.
-Viviana. hello.
-Can I come in?
[Matías] Yes. please.
[Viviana] Um. I wanted to ask you if…
If you think we could…
[Matías] Yeah?
If you think we could put in
some extra hours together or something.
because I think we're a good team and…
-[Matías] Uh.
-I… don't know.
Uh… Sure. We can. We can. How about…
It's just I'm really grateful for you.
You're… the best coach I've ever had.
-Yeah?
-Yes.
-Thanks a lot.
-No. thank you.
Mm-- Viviana. no. I'm sorry.
-None of that.
-Oh. I'm sorry.
No. no. it's fine. but don't--
-I'm an idiot.
-Stop. stop. stop!
Come on. It's fine.
See you tomorrow.
[exterior door closes]
[tense music playing]
[elevator bell rings]
[exhales]
[heavy metal playing on headphones]
[door closes]
[Fernando] I just walked in the door.
Yeah. it's great that you called.
I was going to call you
and let you know that next week
we need to do maintenance on the pool
and a couple of machines.
So… so. we have to reschedule.
Most of--
What?
Uh… What are you talking about?
Are you fucking with me. Matías?
Is this a joke?
[tense music continues]
No. no. no. no.
Where are you? I'm on my way.
Where…
Matías.
[music fades]
[door opens and closes]
Where were you?
[Matías] I was going to shower
but I missed you too much.
[Matías breathes deeply]
[exhales]
You don't have to say it.
But I know if it's good for me.
and it is.
then I know you feel it too.
Not necessarily.
[cell phone buzzes]
[exhales]
[cell phone chimes]
[Lucero] Hey.
But I've never come
so many times in my life.
[Matías exhales]
[sultry music playing]
[Lucero breathes heavily]
[moaning]
[Lucero moans]
[sultry music continues]
[moaning]
[music fades]
[Matías] I have to tell you something.
I've never felt this way
about anyone before.
Seriously.
I don't really need a boyfriend.
I'm married.
[giggles]
You're gonna break my heart.
Hmm?
I lied to you. I'm sorry.
Yeah.
I didn't stop competing
because of my injury.
I stopped competing because the…
the doctor prescribed me some pills that
were supposed to help with the injury.
and I became addicted.
Stupid.
Basically ruined my life.
I lost everything.
But I wouldn't change a thing.
Because everything I've done
has brought me here to you.
[sighs]
[soft dramatic music playing]
And there's nowhere else I'd rather be.
I love you.
[music intensifies]
[kisses]
[Matías sighs]
[sobbing]
[exhaling]
[Lucero] Baby?
[Viviana] Nothing's wrong. Mom.
Viviana?
[Viviana] I'm fine.
[Lucero] What's wrong?
-[Viviana] It's nothing. it's stupid.
-[Julián] Here.
-Drink this.
-[Lucero] That doesn't matter. Tell me.
Mmm?
Why won't you tell me?
Vivi. you have to tell her.
[Lucero] What?
[door opens]
[Fernando] Lucero? Are you home. babe?
One minute.
It's not serious. Mom.
Please don't tell Dad.
I don't want him to worry.
It's just training stuff. It's nothing.
Don't worry. I won't.
I want you to know
that I will always. always.
always be there for you.
You are the most important things to me.
Okay?
Go to sleep. It's very late.
Don't even think about telling Mom.
[Fernando] Hey.
[gentle music playing]
You were out late again.
Yeah.
I'm sorry.
You want to tell me anything?
No.
You?
This is not a discussion.
No. No. that's not how things work!
Period. end of story.
-Who was that?
-It's just work.
-Who?
-It's my work. it's my job.
-What's it matter?
-Dad! What's wrong with you?
[tense music playing]
[cell phone buzzes]
[Lucero] What happened?
M. SEE YOU TONIGHT?
Julián. what happened?
M. I NEED TO TALK TO YOU. IT'S IMPORTANT
M. YOU DRIVE ME CRAZY. I NEED YOU!
I need you to keep your mouth shut.
-Got it?
-Ah! [laughs]
What was that?
That's for everything
you make me do in there.
-But I'm paying you!
-Oh. shut up.
CORTINA LAW
-[attorney] We want the house.
-Agreed.
[attorney] And the vacation home.
No. That's his family's home.
[attorney] Then what's on the table?
The proposal we gave you.
-That's our final offer.
-[Miguel chuckles]
Impressive. Cortina.
[attorney] Don't worry. Malena.
We're going to fight for it.
[Miguel] Okay… [clears throat]
I've got to run.
Lucero. thank you very much.
I'll see you tomorrow.
[Lucero] Okay.
Goodbye. Malena.
Lucero.
Give me a moment. Just sit next to me.
Malena. I already said no.
I'm doing my job. I'm sorry.
It's okay. I believe you. Hm.
ÁVILA LAW
ATTORNEYS
[Lucero] What's this?
REFORMA HOTEL
That's my offer.
-[phone chimes]
-[Lucero exhales]
[tense music playing]
[music fades]
["El Recuento de los Daños"
by Gloria Trevi playing]
You know what I was thinking
when we first met at the the pool
when I felt my heart race? [grunts]
I feel like that happened a century ago.
you know?
-It's felt like. forever--
-Listen. Matías.
-I go crazy if I don't see you.
-Matías. Listen.
-I'll call you 12 times and--
-I need to tell you something.
What?
We can't see each other anymore.
Woah. woah. woah. Uh…
-I know that…
-What do you mean we can't see each other?
This was supposed to be something fun
and light for both. It's not anymore.
-This has to stop.
-Are you kidding me?
-Are you joking?
-No.
No. Look.
It was amazing being with you.
But we can't be together.
-Because of Fernando.
-No.
Yes.
Lucero. I know your life is fucking shit
and you want to get out of there.
-I know perfectly well.
-What do you know about my life?
-I know.
-You don't because we just met.
-You don't know me at all.
-I know that you're perfect for me.
You think I don't know you?
That I'm a kid. that I'm stupid?
I know you perfectly well.
You've told me with your eyes.
No. that's just shit
I thought you wanted to hear in bed.
[Matías exclaims]
-Wait. listen.
-Wait. Wait. wait. Wait. Wait a minute.
Look at me. Look at me.
-Okay.
-Yes. look at me.
I mean. it was fun.
But it's over.
We can't be together.
-That's not true.
-Goodbye.
[music fades]
[gentle music playing]
[door opens]
[gentle music continues]
What do you think?
[attorney] What can I say. Lucero?
It's everything we asked for.
Yes. it's the complete package.
It seemed fair to us.
[attorney] Well. I think it's great.
I'll have to bring this to my client.
but I think she will be
very pleased with this offer.
Yeah. I'll do the same.
And… [clears throat] …well.
I trust that with this adjustment.
any standing animosity is resolved.
[cell phone buzzes]
[exhales]
[Miguel] Lucero. who the hell
authorized giving everything to Malena?
Pick up the fucking phone!
This isn't over.
You better fucking call me back.
-[Cristian] Sorry for interrupting.
-It's fine.
-Uh. your client is here.
-[Lucero] I'm not expecting a client.
-Then should I have him wait?
-You see?
I'll handle this. Cristian. thank you.
-Just close the door. please.
-[Cristian] Sure.
Hey.
-[door closes]
-[Matías] I'm sorry. I'm sorry.
-What are you doing here?
-I'm sorry. I'm sorry.
-I needed to see you.
-You can't come here.
-It's just-- You weren't answering me.
-Don't ever come here. You have to leave!
Don't worry. don't worry.
No one saw me. I'll go now. okay?
-Matías. I was very clear.
-Yes.
Yes. you were. That's why I want to talk.
You're absolutely right.
I've been up all night.
I haven't been able to sleep at all
thinking about what you said yesterday…
-And you're totally right.
-[sighs]
Absolutely right.
It's not what we planned. You were
clear about that from the beginning.
-You're totally right.
-Yeah.
So. what do we do now?
Because I… love you so much. Lucero.
-[Lucero] Oh. please!
-I mean it. I love with all of my heart.
Listen to me.
-We are no more.
-Don't say that.
-No.
-This is love.
-I know it is.
-You are a child. Leave me alone.
I'm a child? Don't fuck with me.
Do you know what love is?
Does your fucking husband know?
You're saying that I'm a child?
Stay away from my husband.
do you understand?
-No. I don't-- I won't.
-Don't mess with my family.
[Matías] Your husband
is already involved in this.
He got himself involved. Look.
Look at my fucking phone!
Take a look!
Lucero. your husband has a fucked up mind.
Look. look. He's got the cash
to pay for his dirty fantasies.
Look! Look at what he asked me to do.
-You recorded us?
-No. not me!
-You gonna show him? Is this a threat?
-He paid me for the recording!
He has been aware of where we are
and everything we were doing all along!
[tense music playing]
But I told him I can't do it anymore.
because I wanted it to be real.
-Because I really love you.
-Let go of me!
-Don't touch me!
-I already broke off the deal with him.
Get out of here. Cristian!
-Cristian!
-Wait. Lucero. Lucero!
[shaking] Lucero. please. please.
Calm down. Fuck. no.
-Stop. The deal is off now. please.
-[door opens]
Get out.
-[Cristian] Uh. I'm sorry. you have to go.
-Yeah. yeah!
I'm leaving. okay?
I'm leaving.
It's okay. Cris.
[Cristian] Excuse me.
-[exhales]
-[door closes]
[tense music continues]
[breathing rapidly]
[sobbing]
[music fades]
[Fernando] Hey.
[sniffles]
[exhales]
You all right?
What's up?
-"What's up?"
-[Fernando] Mm-hmm.
Are you serious? What were you thinking?
You should have just saved your money!
If I had known you were
into that sort of thing.
I would have just let you watch!
Why didn't you just ask me?
Instead. you just paid
the first asshole you could think of?
[tense music playing]
-I thought it was what you wanted.
-That's bullshit! How would you know that?
Because you told me.
[exhales] I told you?
What do you mean?
At the party. You talked about
wanting to be with other people.
No. no. no. Fernando.
Don't put this on me.
God. I know you perfectly.
And I know the convoluted way
you twist your thoughts around.
to convince yourself
of your own delusions.
I hope you're happy now. Are you?
Did you like your fantasy?
Did you like what you saw?
Look. You had the affair. not me.
Why don't we talk about that?
[sniffles]
I just wanted to be desired again.
I just wanted to make you happy.
Mom. someone's at the door.
[Lucero] For me?
Everything's fine. hmm?
-[Fernando] Who is it?
-The replacement.
[sighs]
[Viviana] Sure.
if my parents are okay with it.
[Matías] I understand.
I just want to show you that I'm serious.
What? Come on.
[Viviana] Mom. look who it is.
Good afternoon.
[tense music playing]
Mom.
[Matías] I brought you some flowers.
They're beautiful.
Thank you so much. Matías.
These are your favorite. right?
-[Matías] Really?
-[Viviana] Thank you.
[Fernando] Matías. hello.
[Matías] Hey. Fernando.
Come here.
You have a wonderful daughter.
Really.
And I wanted to do the right thing
and come here in person.
And ask you directly for your permission
to ask her out on a date.
[Fernando] Oh. I appreciate
the gesture. but. uh…
[exhales]
…I think that is a bit inappropriate.
[Viviana] Inappropriate?
-I get the concern completely.
-How's it inappropriate?
Viviana. he's your coach.
[Viviana] What does that
have to do with anything?
-I don't understand. Who cares?
-Yeah.
[Viviana] Excuse me.
Would you like something to drink?
-Sure.
-Okay. leave your things here.
And I'll see you in the kitchen.
[Matías] Thank you. Viviana.
[tense music continues]
Excuse me.
[Matías] I think the next step is to start
training for four hours in the morning.
Two hours in the afternoon.
I think. especially on weekends.
this is super important.
That's when we have
the entire pool to ourselves.
That's when we'll put in the key hours.
That'll be the difference maker.
-Don't you agree?
-[Viviana] Yes. of course.
[Matías] What do you think?
[tense music continues]
I'm not going to charge you
extra for this. Fernando.
-Don't worry about that.
-[Viviana] That's so sweet.
-Thank you.
-[chuckles]
It's my pleasure.
Well. I know
it's bad luck to do it with water.
but how about a toast?
To… to you. to your family.
and to making me…
making me part… part of the family.
-[slams]
-For real?
-[clinking]
-I told you to stay away from him!
-Matías. can we talk outside?
-[Matías] Yeah.
-Outside now.
-[Matías] Sure.
What's wrong?
Why are you being like this?
If I had known they were gonna be so rude.
I wouldn't have made you stay here. Sorry.
Viviana. please. don't-- don't--
Don't worry. I'm here for you.
I don't care. I want us to stop hiding.
That's it. We're going to be fine.
-You know what? Let's go train.
-Okay.
Please.
I know this is difficult to understand.
-Don't touch me. Mom.
-Come on. Let's go.
Bye. Excuse me. okay?
[tense music continues]
[footsteps approach]
[Viviana] What is your problem?
[tense music intensifies]
-I have it all recorded. okay?
-Are you trying to blackmail me. asshole?
Oh. I'm not trying.
-Don't be stupid.
-You don't scare me.
Maybe I should.
[scoffs] You know me very well then.
Viviana. our Uber is here.
I apologize for bothering you.
[tense music continues]
[Matías] Viviana.
[suspenseful music playing]
[Lucero] Don't just stand there!
Do something!
Come on. Julián.
No. no. You stay here. I'll go get her.
[exhales]
[suspenseful music continues]
[music fades]
[hard rock music plays]
ONE DAY LATER
[dishes clinking]
You should probably eat.
I have no appetite. I'm gonna lay down.
I'll get you a drink.
[blender whirring]
[Miguel] Lucero!
[tense music playing]
Miguel.
I meant to call. I'm sorry.
It's not a problem. Don't mention it.
Everyone's very busy these days.
and all sorts of things happen.
-[Lucero] Mm-hm.
-[Fernando] Hey. Miguel.
What brings you here?
I have bad news.
And I came to help however I can.
[Fernando] Thank you for coming.
We're in a delicate situation.
Yes. I understand.
I decided to come and tell you in person.
One of the perks of having friends in
the district attorney's office. I guess.
[Viviana sobbing]
[hard rock music playing on headphones]
[Viviana sobs]
-[Fernando] Matías. can we talk outside?
-Yeah. sure. sure.
What's wrong?
[Viviana] Why are you being like this?
If I knew they were going to be so rude.
I wouldn't have made you stay. I'm sorry.
You know what? Let's go train.
[Lucero] Please.
I know this is difficult to understand.
[Viviana] Don't touch me. Mom.
["Last One Standing" playing]
♪ Last one
I will be the last one ♪
[music ends abruptly]
[Miguel] Well. this morning
we received a call
from the club's security staff
notifying us of the discovery.
and since you are the owners.
you have a direct responsibility.
Did you spot anything on the cameras?
[somber music playing]
LOMAS CLUB
[music fades]
-No.
-[cell phone buzzes]
Apparently. they were turned off.
[Viviana] Mom. Lucía is calling.
What should I do?
Answer it.
Hey. Lucía.
Yes. I know.
Sorry for not answering before.
Okay. See you later.
Okay. Lucía just told me
the parents are going to the club.
We better go.
We better… reassure the families.
Yeah. yeah.
Hold on. We already know that Viviana
was the last person who was with Matías.
Hey. no. No. no. no.
She had nothing to do with this. okay?
Okay. relax. Everybody just calm down.
It's better if I take her
to the District Attorney's office
before the police come looking.
Miguel. you must know
that Viviana is innocent.
Yes. I know. Lucero.
And I swear
I will do everything I can to protect her.
Then I'll go to the DA's office
with the two of you.
You go to the club and I'll go with them.
[Miguel] To be honest. Lucero.
you shouldn't come.
If the three of us arrive together.
it'll be suspicious.
[Lucero sighs] All right.
My love. it's just protocol.
Don't worry. I'll meet you there.
-[people clamoring]
-[police sirens blare]
MEDICAL EXAMINER SERVICE
[woman 1] Fernando. I'm glad you're here.
-We've been waiting. Where's Lucero?
-Lucero is at home. She's a little…
-No. she is… I don't know.
-[woman 1] Okay. okay.
What happened. Fernando? What's going on?
Nothing. We don't know anything as far as…
-[woman 2] How is that possible?
-We don't know. We have to wait.
-[woman 2] Okay.
-Hi. girls.
[Lucía] Where's Viviana?
[murmuring]
Good morning. Fernando Cortina.
My wife and I are the owners.
[woman 3] No. he was not a normal guy.
I had a bad feeling about him.
[woman 4] I guess so.
but he was a good coach. And so young.
[man] He was just a kid.
It's a horrible thing.
And so far from home.
Uh. everyone.
Calm down. okay? Please.
We-- we don't know anything.
Calm down. please.
-[line calling]
-[tense music playing]
[indistinct chatter]
[line calling]
[Lucero] Hi. How are you?
-Have you seen Prosecutor Peña?
-[man] No. he isn't in.
He was supposed to bring my daughter.
You haven't seen him?
-[man] No. Not today.
-[Lucero] Okay. thank you.
I thought we were meeting my mom. Miguel.
Yes. but first I want you
to eat something.
Okay? Then we'll go.
I don't want you to faint
in front of the judge.
Did you tell my mom that we came here?
Yes. honey. don't worry about that.
So. can you tell me what happened?
I promise I'm innocent.
But you were there. right?
Just the two of you?
So?
He came over and brought flowers.
and he asked me out.
Mm.
-I was excited.
-Well. yeah.
But my parents were not excited at all.
So we went to the club to train.
[Miguel] Together?
[Viviana] We didn't say a word
the entire ride.
I was really embarrassed about
how my parents had treated him.
Everything okay? What did she say to you?
-That I'm fired.
-They fired you?
Yes.
Yeah. yeah.
-I don't know what's the matter.
-Yeah. I'm not sure.
I'm sorry.
-I feel super bad about it.
-No. come on.
There's no need to.
[kisses] It's not your fault.
Okay? So forget about that.
Just watch. I'll win them over.
Okay?
So don't worry.
[gentle music playing]
[sighs]
I'm gonna fix this.
[Viviana] Matías!
Matías!
-What? What is it?
-The timer.
Yeah. Okay. are you ready?
Ready? Go.
-[stopwatch beeps]
-[splash]
[Viviana] He started acting really strange
after we got to the club.
Really strange.
I don't know.
Just… weird.
Like he was drugged.
And when I got out of the pool.
he was very distracted.
[tense music playing]
[Viviana] I asked him
if everything was okay.
I thought he was angry at me because.
you know. he lost his job because of me.
What? He was fired?
Why?
Tell me.
You can trust me.
I had never seen him like that.
[Viviana panting]
[Viviana] Who are you texting?
Tell me!
Viviana…
-I don't feel good. Viviana.
-Why are you texting my mom?
Viviana. I'm not feeling good.
Just give me my phone. please.
-"Forgive me. I love you"?
-No. no. no. no.
No. no. no. gimme. gimme. gimme.
-Give me my phone. dammit!
-No. no. no! Get off!
-[thud]
-[groans]
[Matías groaning]
[Matías] Fuck!
That's a lot of blood.
I hit my head hard.
I really don't feel good.
[Matías groans]
-I think I need a doctor.
-Is this real?
-I hit myself hard.
-What the fuck is this?
We need to call someone. Give me my phone.
No. no. no. don't touch me!
Do you think I'm stupid?
-[groans]
-Did you fuck my mom? That's disgusting!
[Matías] Your family is disgusting.
Fuck! It's your shitty family
that's been using me. dammit!
I want your mother to forgive me. please.
I'm begging you.
I'm sorry. Viviana.
Help me. Help me. please.
Call… call… call…
I think you're pathetic. I hope you die.
Give me my phone. please.
[tense music continues]
[breathing heavily]
[Fernando] Viviana.
This is Matías's phone.
What happened?
-Are you okay?
-Yes. I'm fine.
-[sniffles]
-Okay. Hey. no. no.
-It's okay. sweetheart. Come. it's okay.
-[sobbing]
Come here.
[Viviana sobs]
Sweetheart.
Look at me.
[sobbing]
Wait for me in the car.
-Don't take long. okay?
-I'll just be a minute.
It's gonna be fine. Deep breaths.
[door closes]
[breathing heavily]
[groans]
You disgust me.
Have you already told… told your daughter
and explained all this shit to her?
-Because look all this shit you're doing.
-I want you out of here.
[Matías] What?
I want you out of here.
You realize
I don't work for you anymore. right?
Do you want more money? Is that it?
I don't want your fucking money!
Relax. I'm not gonna do anything to you.
Just know every time
your wife closes her eyes.
I'll be there. fucking her.
[grunting]
[Fernando grunts]
[tense music intensifies]
[Matías groans]
[Matías] Asshole.
[groaning]
I'll be there. I'll be there.
[breathing heavily]
Whenever she closes her eyes…
I'll be fucking her.
[breathing heavily]
[panting]
[Matías] I'll always…
I need to see her.
[sobbing]
[cell phone buzzes]
I'm in shock. I can't believe it.
-[cell phone buzzes]
-Excuse me.
[Lucero] Miguel. I'm here. Where are you?
Hey. sorry for not answering.
but I've been busy.
Busy? Where is my daughter?
So he was fired before he drowned.
Oh. poor guy.
Is this some kind of a threat?
Give me back my kids.
What do you want me to do?
Talk to Malena.
I'm just asking for what's right.
[tense music playing]
OFFICE OF THE ATTORNEY GENERAL
Malena. it's Lucero.
Stop. [indistinct]
POLICE LINE
[woman] I think you should know
what everyone's talking about.
I think someone saw Lucero with Matías.
They were together.
Come on. you can trust me.
Lucero fired Matías.
That's why they were together.
But he just got here.
Yeah. I know.
but he had a problem with drugs.
That's why he stopped competing in Spain.
-But why make him the coach then?
-Because I didn't know!
As soon as we found out.
we fired him. that was the…
["Me Muero" by La Quinta Estación playing]
I didn't know what to order for you.
You guys come here so often
and I don't know why.
Thanks for coming.
I can't imagine it was easy.
You can imagine.
Isn't this where you decided
to sabotage your family as well?
What do you want?
Malena…
What I did wasn't planned.
It just happened.
I got caught up in it.
All I wanted was to feel
like someone desired me again.
Yes. I know it was selfish.
But you only live once.
I didn't want to miss my one opportunity.
-You've never had a fantasy?
-Of course. yes.
But they stayed fantasies.
Well. I guess I'm not as in control.
I suppose not.
[Lucero sniffles]
Look. all that I'm asking…
is that our children
don't pay for our mistakes anymore.
Interesting use of "our."
Please. share custody.
You have the houses already.
Don't take their dad from them.
[sobs]
[sniffles]
[policeman] Yes. they're here.
Okay. there's your dad.
Careful.
[indistinct chatter]
[Lucía] Poor Viviana.
[vehicle approaches]
[Lucía] It's going to be okay.
We're here for you.
[car door opens]
-You would have done the same as me.
-No.
I would've never had this issue.
[chuckles] No?
Sure thing. Lucero.
[Lucero] Honey.
I'm glad you're here.
Everyone's waiting for you.
Oh.
Hey.
-Lucero. Hi.
-Hey.
[woman 1] How are you?
Hi.
How are you?
[exhales]
[sniffles]
-Hello.
-[woman 2] I'm sorry.
[uneasy music playing]
I need to get by.
[sighs]
[music fades]
[Julián] Dad said we should stay home.
Why are we doing this?
[Lucero] Trust me.
[suspenseful music playing]
Everything will be fine. I promise.
How can you be so sure?
I'll be back.
-[car door closes]
-[Viviana] Mom. Mom. he's really hurt.
What do we do?
[Lucero] It's okay.
Go with your brother.
[footsteps approach]
I knew you'd come.
I was waiting for you.
Oh. Matías.
[Matías] I want us to start over.
Okay?
And forget about. uh.
everything that's happened so far. and…
We can…
Like that time when you…
When you drove me in your car.
I…
I love you so much.
So. so. so. so much.
I mean it. really. Lucero. I…
If you mean it. you will let me go.
No. no.
That is impossible. Lucero.
I can't move on that easily.
It's impossible.
I know that. at first.
it will be hard. and…
It will be difficult. You have to leave
your family and leave your job. and…
I'm sure it won't be easy. but…
[breathing heavily] But you'll…
I know that in time you'll agree.
You'll see it.
You'll have to trust me.
Don't make me hurt you. please. Please.
Don't make me hurt your family.
[Matías breathing heavily]
[tense music playing]
What are you doing?
[tense music intensifies]
[grunts]
[Matías panting]
[tense music continues]
[music fades]
[breathing shakily]
[door opens]
[door closes]
[suspenseful music playing]
[car doors open and close]
[crying]
Come on. let's go.
[reporter] A shocking discovery today.
A young Spanish man
was found dead at the Lomas Club.
which belongs to Fernando Cortina.
Lupita Salazar is at the scene
and brings us this report.
[Salazar] That's right.
The district attorney of Mexico City was
at the scene and this is what he told us.
[Miguel] Yes. yes. unfortunately.
one of the swimming instructors.
who had recently joined the Lomas Club.
was found dead.
What we know so far is that this young man
was of Spanish nationality.
and was a professional swimmer
in his country.
However. a serious addiction
cost him his career.
We found no signs of external violence.
and everything seems to indicate that
he took his own life due to his addiction.
We will give you more details
as they come in.
The owners of the Lomas Club
are actively cooperating.
and we hope to be able to return the body
to his country of origin soon.
Thank you. guys. very much. Excuse me.
[Salazar] District Attorney Miguel Peña.
Stay tuned for further updates.
[tense music intensifies]
[Fernando moans]
[suspenseful music playing]
[music fades]
[sultry music playing]
[Lucero moans]
[Fernando grunts]
[moaning]
[breathing heavily]
[sultry music playing]
[music turns suspenseful]
[music fades]
Watch Online Movies and Series for FREE
www.osdb.link/lm